//Making a note here, i did not care about english while making this, i just typed the fastest i could, i just wanted this to be done fast
//This is like a script, not like a super sick story or whatever, this just tells what you're going to be through

INTRO

Your vision goes from white to visible, you start to see a room, maybe your room, at your front there's a doorway and then a hallway, you can't hear much, everything sounds high pitched, a woman runpast the door and a metrocop following her, you lean aside the door giving yourself vision of the hallway and then you see them, a woman bracing herself while the metrocop beats her, everything starts passing slowly and everything goes to white again.

CHAPTER 1 - TRAINSTATION

You wake up in a strange place, as your vison goes to normal, you start to realize that you're outside the city walls, how you got there is unknown, you're in a entrance to the city, there's a gate that opens when combines needs to transport something from a city to another, you know for a fact that this exact entrance is closed, and has been for years.
The sky is in a blue greyish tone, with the fog semi-dense, enough to see far away.
You don't know where to go, so you follow the road that leads to the entrance to the city, as you follow you realize that the path is closed, with no way of getting past, you notice that there is another path to the right of you leading up to the mountain, you follow this path where it leads to a very small village with only 4 houses, on the biggest one, an old man comes out, he sees you and talks with you.
"What are you doing around here? You still have city 17 uniform, they can easily track you down! Escaping the city without the refugee uniform is suicide, i don't have any clothes, the best option to get rid of yours is to go back to the city and the Resistance there, I'd come with you but i got lots of things to take care of, but i can give you a little help, follow me."
As he asks to follow, you obey him and follow, he leads you to a small little house and he says:
"There is a underground tunnel below this small house, if you take it, it could lead you to a subway station really close from here, the underground is very dangerous, since the combines realized that the Resistance were using them as a hideout, they filled the whole place with these stupid headcrabs, and to make things worse, antlions have made a huge nest, luckily for you, there are some weapons that the Resistance left down there, you can use them to protect yourself, I'm running out of time, i'm going to head out now, good luck with not getting killed, see you soon, maybe..."
You do what he says, you enter the house and sees an entrance to the underground, going through this entrance you get to an underground tunnel, this tunnel leads to the subways he was talking about, but no station, since one way was blocked you follow another, to the north, as you go on, you see zombies and headcrabs, you killed them.
Going further you end up in a station, you get to the surface and see the hell that the city is going to, the Resistance has uprised and fighting against the combines, a huge civil war.
A rebel calls you;
"Hey citizen! If you want freedom is better that you join us in this fight, i'm going to give you some  weapons if you come with me!"
You follow him and leads to a small hideout where Resistance members are taken care of, he gives you some guns and ammunition
"We have a plan about getting a train to work and get the hell out of here, what do you think? Pretty good one right? Anyways, before we do that, we need to shake the combines of our asses, we just need some time so we can bring the locals to the train and head to the white forest, north from here, it's going to be really hard to get there completeraly safe, since we need to cross the entire city to get there, there's isn't any other alternative."
You go with him to kill all the possible combines and so you do.
After all the combines being taken down, the Resistance starts to call everyone to get down to the trainstation.
Everyone goes underground and everyone one waits.
Leaders of the local Resistance setup a small radio to communicate with someone.
This someone is the guy bringing the train to the station, the guy said that the path was blocked and the only way to open it was with explosives.
You and other Resistance members go to the blocked path from before and plant explosives, you go back to the station and explodes it.
After a while the train comes, everyone hops on it and heads to the north.
In the way to the white forest, antlions invade the train, so you and some Resistance members takes out them.
After taking them down, the train goes topside, giving you the vision of the Citadel
Everyone stops and sees the Citadel, and then out of nowhere, it explodes, the Citadel explodes.
After the blast, everyone noticed that they were being followed by 3 combine cars.
Some Resistance members climbed on the train to take them out, you were one of them.
It was an intanse pursuit, After shooting a car, it loses controls and hits a wall and explodes.
Another one had his path blocked and had to ramp, the car ramps over the train going to the other side and hit the last car and exploding.
After that the train goes back underground ground, continuing the travel to the north.
At some point, combines invades the train and takes control of it, they were metrocops, they took everyone by surprise and killed most, you and the guy that brought you into this, held until the train stopped somewhere, so they could espace.
They do it so, the train stops and both of you gets out of the train and enters a door on the wall.
After climbing some stairs, the path was blocked and there was no way of getting past, Chris (the guy, lol just gave him a name, i'm retarded) points to a room, both enters it.
The room lead to another, but the door that leads to there was locked, but there was a wait to unlock it.
You enter a vent that leads to the other side of the door.
While in the other side, you realize that there wasn't any other way to unlock the door.
By looking through the windown aside the locked door, you see Chris, behind him was a combine sneaking up behind him.
Chris looked at you a dd a weird face, he looked behind him and was immediatly shot down by the combine.
The combine get closer to the window and sees you.
He call reenforcements, some combines comes and one of them uses the pulse gun to launch a energy ball into the vents, the energy ball goes through the vents and enters your room, the ball kicks around for a while and explodes, two doors at the other way of the room were blasted and opened, giving you a way to run out.
The lights immediatly turns off and red lights turns on instead.
It was a perfect opportunity to run, so you do it.
After espacing you get topside, in a industrial area (soff_day1 could be used for it), starting a new chapter.

CHAPTER 2 - FACTORY

to be continued
